After weeks of advertising from Republican Ed Gillespie that sought to tie Northam first to MS-13 gang violence and then to a child pornographer, Northam's new commercial blasts them as "false attacks."
Since September, Gillespie has been airing a controversial commercial — that appears to have been viewed by both President Trump and former president Barack Obama — that suggests Northam is responsible for an increased the threat of MS-13 gang violence. Media fact-checkers have found those claims false.
Northam's new ad slams it as "fearmongering," while highlighting his background as an Army doctor and pediatrician, and touts he helped pass tougher penalties for gang members and "violent sexual predators" as a state senator.
"I'm a pediatrician, and for Ed Gillespie to say I would tolerate anyone hurting a child is despicable," Northam says to the camera.
[Interested in Virginia’s governor’s race? Follow our Facebook group]
That's a reference to Gillespie's latest line of attack criticizing Northam for supporting Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe's restoration of voting rights to felons who completed their sentences, including a suspected child pornographer.
In campaign ads airing this week, Gillespie highlights the case of John Bowen — who was convicted in 2001 of aggravated sexual battery and indecent liberties with a minor. His voting rights were briefly restored two months after he was arrested, but not convicted, on suspicion of having a large trove of child pornography. He lost his voting rights again in January when he pleaded guilty to the pornography charges.
McAuliffe, who cannot seek consecutive terms, defended the restoration of felon rights, saying it's the same system that exists in 40 other states.
Gillespie's ads also say the restoration of voting rights made it easier for felons to get a gun. Felons still needed a judge's approval to legally obtain firearms.
[National Democrats are jittery about Virginia governor’s race]
Dave Abrams, a spokesman for Gillespie, said Northam's response ad does not dispute any specific facts.
"He apparently cannot refute any of it," said Abrams. "And these issues matter."
The war over the airwaves comes as Election Day looms on Nov. 7. The race has taken a nasty turn, and Democrats have sent out a mailer that links Gillespie to the white nationalists who marched over the summer in Charlottesville.
Ed Gillespie and Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam before gubernatorial debate in McLean, Va., on Sept. 19. (Bonnie Jo Mount/Washington Post)
Quentin Kidd, a pollster and political scientist at Christopher Newport University, said he sees Northam heeding the lessons of not letting attacks go unanswered.
"It's largely akin to trench warfare," Kidd said. "The Northam campaign's full-throated response is essentially a full-throated defense of the small lead that they have."
Most public polls show Gillespie and Northam tied or Northam with a slight lead.
While Northam's ad hits Gillespie for dubious facts in his ads about gang violence, it also contained a factual error.
The commercials says he helped pass legislation strengthening gang penalties, but the bill cited on the screen did not pass.
The Los Angeles Unified School District — America’s second largest — and the Poway school district in San Diego County are the defendants in the lawsuits, reports Los Angeles ABC affiliate KABC-TV.
The Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine seeks to prevent schools from serving lunches with any kind of cured or processed meats including bacon, sausage, bologna and hot dogs.
The lawsuit filed in San Diego County cites a 2015 study from the World Health Organization which suggests that consuming a single hot dog each day — or its processed meat equivalent — marginally raises the risk of colorectal cancer.
Both lawsuits contend that school lunch ladies in the two Southern California counties are flouting California state regulations which require public schools to serve food of the “greatest nutritional value possible” and of the “highest quality.”
The founder of the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine, Neal Barnard, swears that keeping kids from eating bacon and hot dogs in their school lunches is as important as the public-health war on smoking.
“Scientifically, there is no argument,” Barnard, a doctor with a medical degree from George Washington University, told The San Diego Union-Tribune. “Everybody knows we shouldn’t be serving this stuff to children.” (RELATED: U.S. News ‘De-Ranks’ George Washington U. After Cheating Flap)
“Simply providing the foods sends the message that processed meats are healthful and part of a nutritious diet, which is clearly at variance with scientific fact,” Barnard also said.
The American Cancer Society’s chief medical officer, Otis Brawley, provided perspective for Barnard’s claims.
“A lot of people are taken aback when they learn that bologna is in the same category as cigarettes, but they need to understand that the estimated number of cancer deaths from processed meat is about 34,000 per year while it’s 1 million for smoking,” Brawley told the Union-Tribune.
The Union-Tribune’s cursory glance at some recent Poway school district lunch menus shows that the district serves plenty of processed meats including turkey hot dogs, chicken corn dogs and stuffed-crust pepperoni pizza. There’s also plenty of foods that are not processed including orange chicken with rice and bean and cheese burritos.
The Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine promotes “a healthy vegetarian diet or vegan diet” as “the optimal way to meet your nutritional needs.” The lobbying group also seeks to end research on animals.
In order to secure standing to sue in California courts, the Washington, D.C.-based Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine had to find local residents willing to claim to be harmed by school lunches.
Jennifer Mack, a Los Angeles school teacher, volunteered to be a plaintiff in Los Angeles.
A couple of parents, Tracy Childs and Steven Sarnoff, volunteered to be the plaintiffs in San Diego County.
“They’re breaking the law because it states that schools should be serving the best foods possible, and that is not processed meats,” Childs told the Union-Tribune.
Childs, a nutritionist and a vegan since she was 17, is the mother of children who previously attended schools in the Poway school district.
The North American Meat Institute characterized the lawsuits as a stunt, according to KABC-TV.
The American Association of Meat Processors also condemned the lawsuits.
“Processed meats make up a safe and nutritious part of a balanced diet and there is no scientific data to support removing them from school menus for being unhealthy,” American Association of Meat Processors executive director Chris Young told the Union-Tribune.
Let's go on a journey together from a small greenfield test suite through to a full(er) set of specs as the project grows. I will walk through how I came to implement a jasmine test extension for simplifying asynchronous specs which I believe is a more holistic approach than I've seen anywhere else.
The few key differences you should note about the final solution are that it:
Allows for fail-fast tests without breaking the waitsFor callback when an exception is thrown,
callback when an exception is thrown, Provides a simple mechanism to wrap async methods so their exceptions are caught and reported correctly,
Doesn't require any different syntax than a Jasminaut is used to (less refactoring).
Affairs I wrote a post a few months ago which, at the time, dealt with my asynchronous woes enough to keep me going. To quickly re-cap check out the small snippet below. runs-spec.coffee 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 describe "My Functionality" , -> it "should behave as expected" , -> collection = new Backbone . Collection () collection . fetch success: -> runs -> # <-- the magic. expect ( true ). toBeTruthy () # something ridiculous do candy . eat As you can see, I am now executing the callback function as part of a jasmine runs() block. This causes the test to run the callback within the scope of the jasmine environment, thus being able to report on the failed specs. This solution worked for me for a while until I needed to write some integration tests for a complex data controller. This process allowed me to find find a weakness in the runs method: if the callback is never called the test will pass anyway -- false positives make it tough to track down problems, and reduce your confidence in the suite, making you test less, pushing you to break your software. The first iteration of the solution was to implement an itMust method for Jasmine. This provides a complete argument to the spec which it must call in order for the test to pass. Here's the runner, and a sample of what the specs look like with itMust in use. itmust.coffee 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 itMust = (desc, test) -> # create a new spec spec = jasmine . getEnv (). it desc # run the test function passing it a callback that indicates success spec . runs -> complete = new sinon . spy test . apply spec , [ complete ] runs -> expect ( complete ). toHaveBeenCalled () itmust-spec.coffee 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 describe "My DataController" , -> itMust "return results to the dataset" , (complete) -> # the application is actually automatically injected and torn down # but that's another post. app = new TestApplication # create a query query = app . datacontroller . createQuery (...) # fetch the query results from the datacontroller query . fetch () ds = query . dataSet # when the datSet is reset, there should be results. ds . on 'reset' , -> runs -> expect ( ds . recordCount ). toBeGreaterThan 0 complete () # respond leverages sinon's fake xmlhttprequest mocking so we can control # server responses. app . respond () From here I was able to build out the test suite for the data controller without running into too much trouble. However, it still required that you use the runs() block syntax on any asynchronous function, and leaving one out could cause unfortunate results. Again, having tests pass when they should fail makes the test suite useless. It was time to look into extending or replacing this testing solution.
Examining The Options After being frustrated by my situation, I stumbled across Derick Bailey's solution: Jasmine.Async. He tries to solve this problem in the suite with a new optional testing object called AsyncSpec . In a nutshell, his approach was to instantiate an AsyncSpec object for each test and wrap the spec in a waitsFor -> runs sequence that causes the spec to stall until the callback is called -- then allows it to continue on to the next jasmine block. I had a few problems with this solution which enticed me to create a new/better one which is loosely based on Derick's approach and works for me. The biggest pain points for me with Jasmine.Async were: I had to re-write all of my tests to use his approach of wrapping async actions in the beforeEach function,
function, It introduced a new AsyncSpec object that I didn't want to have to instantiate for all of the specs, thus creating additional boilerplate,
I wasn’t a big fan of the first Neighbors. I found it to be an uneven, flat film that was unfunny more often than not. Needless to say, I didn’t have very high hopes for a sequel. Comedy sequels are almost always terrible, and a sequel to Neighbors felt especially unneeded. To my surprise, Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising surpassed the original in just about every way, giving us a funnier, smarter film.
Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising picks up a few years after the first film. Mac and Kelly are preparing to sell their old house in preparation for their upcoming second child. They have already purchased their new home, and have a buyer lined up for their old house. Unfortunately, Mac and Kelly are subjected to a 30-day escrow agreement, where the buyers of their house are free to back out at any moment.
Meanwhile, Shelby (Chloe-Grace Moretz), a college freshman, is attempting to join a sorority in order to make friends. Soon enough Shelby comes to the realization that the current sororities operate in a system that objectifies women, and worse, disallows sororities from throwing their own parties. Not wanting to subject herself to the degrading parties that exemplify rape culture thrown by fraternities, Shelby starts Kappa Nu, with the help of her new-found friends, and moves into the fraternity house from the first film, right next to Mac and Kelly. Mac and Kelly then must try and stop the sorority from throwing any crazy parties, so that they don’t scare of the buyers of their house.
Whilst Neighbors was a pretty straightforward college party film, Neighbors 2 has more of a biting edge in its approach to comedy. Much of the humor in the film stems from its social commentary on the deep rooted sexism in society, as it observes all of the double standards that women experience in America. When Ike Barinholtz’s character Jimmy proudly proclaims “Men’s Rights!” to Mac who offers a stern but hilarious “No, fuck you”, it’s clear what side this movie takes as it examines millennial feminism.
That isn’t to say it’s particularly high brow or anything, quite the contrary. The film opens with Kelly (Rose Byrne) vomiting all over Mac (Seth Rogen) whilst they are having sex, revealing she is pregnant. Oh boy, I thought to myself as I prepared for an hour and a half of groan inducing gross out comedy. Thankfully, for the most part the film strayed away from that.
Seth Rogen and Rose Byrne continue their great chemistry from the first film into this one, as they both offer hilarious performances as grown adults struggling with the question of whether or not they are good parents, while at the same time entering a sort of prank war with a bunch of raunchy, rebellious 18-year-old girls.
The standout performance in the film was once again Zac Efron as Teddy. Teddy has been lost since the end of Neighbors, as all of his friends have grown up and matured past college, and are starting their careers and getting married. Teddy is aimless, and he tries to find meaning for himself by helping Kappa Nu get their footing as a sorority, and eventually switching sides to help Mac and Kelly, hoping they will value him. Teddy could have easily been annoying, but Efron has such great comedic chops that he is able to pull off the character really well. He has fantastic comedic timing throughout, and was usually the one who garnered the biggest laughs from me.
Moretz gave a hilarious and convincing performance as Shelby, as did Kiersey Clemons as Beth, one of the co-founders of Kappa Nu. Less successful in their performances however were the rest of the members of Kappa Nu. Neighbors 2 tried to develop a similar dynamic between the sorority sisters as they had between the fraternity brothers in the first film, but it didn’t really work. It felt too derivative of the first film, almost as if the film was trying to hard.
Which brings me to one of my major complaints with the film. Like a great number of other comedy sequels, at times Neighbors 2 falls into the trappings of “been there, done that” where they throw in a bunch of jokes and references ripped from the original film. While the first nod to the air bag gag is legitimately funny, the film continues to harp on that joke again and again. By the third time an air bag joke was made, I found myself rolling my eyes, wishing for the film to get back to original material.
Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising is held back by its heavy reliance on self referential humor, as well as it’s abundance of jokes that fall flat. However, there is still a lot of great humor to be found in the film, and I surprisingly found myself having a lot of fun with it. And hey, it’s got a message that I can get behind, and that’s pretty cool too.
6/10
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Facebook
Google
At the time of the discovery of the then-planet Pluto in 1930 Lovecraft himself very casually suggested, in a letter to his friend James F. Morton, dated on 15 March 1930 that Yuggoth might "probably" be the same as Pluto. Other writers have since claimed that it is actually an enormous trans-Neptunian world that orbits perpendicular to the ecliptic of the solar system. The Italian astronomer Albino Carbognani has suggested that any planet discovered beyond Pluto might be named Yuggoth.[1]
In the Cthulhu Mythos [ edit ]
Yuggoth... is a strange dark orb at the very rim of our solar system... There are mighty cities on Yuggoth—great tiers of terraced towers built of black stone... The sun shines there no brighter than a star, but the beings need no light. They have other subtler senses, and put no windows in their great houses and temples... The black rivers of pitch that flow under those mysterious cyclopean bridges—things built by some elder race extinct and forgotten before the beings came to Yuggoth from the ultimate voids—ought to be enough to make any man a Dante or Poe if he can keep sane long enough to tell what he has seen...
—H. P. Lovecraft, The Whisperer in Darkness
Yuggoth is the planet where the extraterrestrial Mi-go have established a colony. The Mi-go's city sits at the edge of a pit wherein dwells an ancient and horrifying entity feared by the Mi-Go. They periodically abandon the city on those occasions when it rises from the pit and can be seen directly.
The being Cxaxukluth, along with Tsathoggua and his parents, migrated to Yuggoth from Xoth. A dysfunctional family in their own right, Cxaxukluth's progeny abandoned their patriarch and sought refuge deep in the bowels of Yuggoth, owing to Cxaxukluth's cannibalistic tendencies. Soon thereafter they fled Yuggoth, though Cxaxukluth still dwells there to this day.[citation needed]
It (Rhan-Tegoth) came to the earth from lead-grey Yuggoth, where the cities are under the warm, deep sea.
—H. P. Lovecraft, "The Horror in the Museum"
Yuggoth is also given as the source of the Shining Trapezohedron in The Haunter of the Dark.
On Yuggoth, the Mi-go mine a strange metal known as tok'l. Tok'l-metal is used in the manufacture of the Mi-go's notorious "brain cylinders", but it has other ritual uses as well.[citation needed]
In other fiction [ edit ]
Yuggoth itself hung directly overhead, obscenely bloated and oblate, its surface filling the heavens... and all the time pulsing, pulsing, pulsing like an atrocious heart, throbbing, throbbing.
—Richard A. Lupoff, "The Discovery of the Ghooric Zone—March 15, 2337"
In Richard A. Lupoff's 1977 short story "The Discovery of the Ghooric Zone—March 15, 2337", Yuggoth is the hypothetical Planet X—then predicted by perturbations to Neptune & Pluto's orbits, & now, in 2017, by the orbit of several Sednoid-type objects lying perhaps in the inner Oort Cloud.[2] Lupoff's Yuggoth is a colossal planet, double the size of Jupiter & as big as six-hundred earths. The planet pulses, throbs, & glows with a "low crimson radiance" from pulsating lava tectonics, "like an atrocious heart." Its rotational velocity is 80,000 kilometers per hour, & thus Yuggoth is oblate & flattened at the poles. The planet has numerous moons like the other giant bodies of our outer solar system, to include the single moons Nithon & Zaman, and the twin-moons Thog and Thok—all names intertextually chosen by the Lovecraft enthusiast on board the planet's visiting ship Khons, a character named "Sri Gomati," from Lovecraft's long sonnet sequence, "Fungi from Yuggoth" (1929–30).
Other references [ edit ]
Moons [ edit ]
Nithon [ edit ]
Nithon is a cloud-laden moon of Yuggoth. It is covered by fungi and has luminescent clouds that block all sunlight.[4]
Thog and Thok [ edit ]
Thog and Thok are twin moons of Yuggoth. Very little is known about these moons, though Thog is said to be a pitch-black world. On the surface of Thog is the fabled Ghooric Zone—a green-litten subterranean cavern containing a putrid lake where "puffed shoggoths splash".[5]
References [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Campbell, Ramsey. "The Mine on Yuggoth" (1964) [tok'l, Yuggoth].
Fantina, Michael. "Nithon" (1974) in Night Terrors . Poem. [Nithon].
. Poem. [Nithon]. Lovecraft, Howard P. "The Whisperer in Darkness" (1931) [Yuggoth].
---. "Fungi From Yuggoth" (1929–30).
Lupoff, Richard A. "The Discovery of the Ghooric Zone—March 15, 2337" (1977) [Planet X, Nithon, Thog and Thok, Yuggoth, Zaman].
Smith, Clark Ashton. "The Family Tree of the Gods" (1944) [Yuggoth].
NASA has gotten better and better at spotting and avoiding rocks as imaging technology improved. When Golombek was evaluating landing sites for Sojourner, he was using data from the Viking missions, the first orbiters and landers to reach Mars in the mid-1970s. The smallest object the Viking cameras could see was as big as a football stadium. These days, the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, which has been orbiting Mars since 2006, can spot the shadows of rocks as small as 1.5 meters (five feet) wide. Two decades of Mars study and technological advances have shrunk the landing ellipse, the oval-shaped spot where engineers determine, after countless simulations, that a spacecraft can land; the landing area is now 500 times smaller than it was during the Pathfinder mission.
Golombek said all past and future landing sites have one thing in common: They’ve all been “a smooth, flat, boring place,” Golombek said. Rocky terrain can damage spacecraft, and sloped areas could cause them to tip over.
Destinations near the equator are preferred. Temperatures there remain moderate compared to the rest of the planet, which goes a long way in keeping hardware from freezing over in a world where temperature differences between day and night are extreme. Solar-powered spacecraft will also get the most exposure to sunlight at the equator. The equator region is perhaps the most suitable spot for humans, especially if they plan to return to Earth. Mars spins faster at its equator, which would give a rocket traveling in the same direction of the spin a boost in velocity. NASA launches rockets from Cape Canaveral in Florida for the same reason.
Landing spots at low elevation are ideal. Mars’s very thin atmosphere is thickest in these areas, and spacecraft can use it to slow themselves down as they descend. Such suitable low-elevation spots are rare on Mars, Golombek said, and this requirement rules out about 80 percent of the planet for potential landings.
Those are the basic requirements. The rest depend on a given mission’s objectives. The Mars Polar Lander was sent specifically to study the potential presence of buried water at Mars’s south pole, so there it went—but failed to land successfully—in 1999. The Spirit and Opportunity rovers were charged with exploring Mars’s terrain and geology, so they landed near the planet’s equator, soaking up the sun to stay powered. Phoenix, a rover that remained operational for a few months in 2008, was sent to look again for water, so it landed near Mars’s north pole.
Despite the fact that there aren’t specific references to advertising in Apple’s guidelines for app developers building features for Apple Watch, a couple companies have already announced plans to deliver ads to the device. But do they know something we don’t? Or has Apple not yet made up its mind regarding what it plans for advertising policies on the Watch ahead of a launch expected in the next couple of months?
Sources at large advertising companies tell us Apple is being very cooperative, but that the company hasn’t relayed anything in the form of final guidelines.
The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac
Others don’t seem to be too confident that Apple will allow traditional advertising on Apple Watch. InMarket, a beacon network and advertising service deployed across supermarkets and retailers in the US, this weekend announced plans for Apple Watch, but those plans curiously don’t include any advertising. While reports covering the announcement misinterpreted the news as inMarket pushing advertising via its beacon network and partner iOS apps to Apple Watch, we’ve confirmed with the company that isn’t the case.
Instead, inMarket will simply be sending data from a partner iOS app to Apple Watch when triggered by a nearby beacon. The company made a point of noting that it’s pushing app features, such as a reminder to check a shopping list, rather than the direct advertising of in-store discounts and deals like it pushes to iOS devices.
There is at least one company planning on sending ads to Apple Watch with Tapsense recently announcing a new SDK for what it called the “first programmatic ad platform for Apple Watch.” But it wasn’t long after the announcement that the company issued an update noting that it’s uncertain of Apple’s plans for ads on the device:
Both Apple’s WatchKit SDK and the TapSense SDK are in Beta and APIs are subject to change. As and when Apple makes the WatchKit guidelines available, we will review it carefully to ensure our SDK is both in compliance and approved by Apple… TapSense SDK will not integrate directly with Apple Pay. To redeem a coupon from an ad, it would need to have a readable barcode that can be scanned at the point of sale, or the ad could be added to Passbook and then delivered to Apple Watch to be redeemed.
From the sound of the announcements from inMarket and the update from Tapsense, it would seem as if Apple hasn’t yet made up its mind for how advertising will play out on the device. Apple doesn’t have a framework yet to bring its own iAd platform to Apple Watch either.
Currently users can opt-out of beacon notifications in most apps and users are required to have the iOS app installed in order to receive the alerts in the first place. However, providing useful notifications to consumers in public spaces is still something ad companies and early adopters experimenting with the tech are trying to get right with the perfect balance of useful information versus advertising that might feel intrusive to the user. Users might have to opt-in by downloading an iOS app and allowing notifications, but intrusive alerts might lead to users deleting or disabling an app and missing future notifications.
But that’s not the case according to early stats from inMarket that claim users have responded positively. In the summer the company said a test of beacon notifications showed a 19x increase in interaction with advertisements. It also said app usage was 16.5x greater for users receiving beacon messages and those users were 6.4x more likely to keep an app on their device.
OS apps won’t require beacons to send alerts to Apple Watch though, making it a possibility iOS apps on our connected iPhone could send advertising of sorts to our wrists at any time. Apple’s guidelines for iOS apps, however, are clear on advertising policies.
For example, iOS apps “cannot use Push Notifications to send advertising, promotions, or direct marketing of any kind.” If Apple is to uphold that rule for Apple Watch, that would seem to at least eliminate advertising on Apple Watch by way of notifications sent from iOS devices, but Apple’s minimal guidelines for Apple Watch development do not currently specifically address advertising policies.
The only one reference to advertising is in the branding guidelines for Apple Watch interfaces and recommends developers “Incorporate a brand’s assets in a refined, unobtrusive way. People use your app to get things done or to be entertained; they don’t want to feel as if they’re being forced to watch an advertisement.”
by www.SixWise.com
Deepak Chopra, M.D., a pioneer of alternative medicine, once said that everything we fear has already happened. In other words, there's no need to fear most of what we spending time fearing.
Still, many Americans have intense fears of death by certain causes that are actually very unlikely to occur. On the contrary, the most likely causes of death are rarely sources of fear for most of us.
What follows is a list of some of those common, yet unfounded, causes of death that are most feared ... yet least likely to occur.
Then, at the end of the article take a look at the real most common causes of death, and see if your fears are justified.
Airplane crashes: Some 30 million Americans describe themselves as "anxious" flyers. What makes them anxious is the fear of dying in a plane crash. What's the actual risk of being involved in a fatal airline accident? According to Arnold Barnett, a statistical expert in the field of aviation safety, it's once every 19,000 years--and that is only provided the person flew on an airplane once a day for 19,000 years!
Being killed by a shark is a common fear, but one that's totally unfounded: Your odds of being attacked by a shark are just one in 11.5 million.
Shark attacks: Do you refuse to go near the movie Jaws for fear that you'll never go back in the water? You're not alone, as many Americans fear getting killed by a shark.
According to the International Shark Attack File (ISAF), though, only 1,909 confirmed shark attacks have occurred around the world--between 1580 and 2003! Of these, 737 happened in the United States, and 38 people died as a result. That said, what are your real odds of being attacked by a shark? One in 11.5 million, says the ISAF. Being killed by a shark? Zero in 264.1 million.
Being murdered: According to the World Health Organization (WHO), one person is murdered about every 60 seconds worldwide, and in 2000, an estimated 520,000 people were murdered in the world. Although this sounds like a lot, let us put things into perspective: In 2000, over 6 million people died of cancer.
Falling to death: In 2001, more than 11,600 people aged 65 and older died from fall-related injuries, representing a very real concern. Children are also at risk of falling if they're not being properly supervised. But the type of fall we're talking about here is the kind that occurs from a height and to adults. While falling from a height is a leading cause of work-related death among construction workers, it kills only an estimated 80 people each year. And, the risk to the general population, who are exposed to heights less often, is likely to be lower than that.
Terrorist attack: With the recent London bombings and September 11th not too far behind, death by terrorist attack is fresh in many people's minds. A poll in Conde Nast Traveler in February 2003 found that one-third of respondents feared a terrorist attack. What are your real odds of dying this way? Historically speaking, it's a one in 9.3 million chance--which is a slightly greater risk than you have of dying in an avalanche.
Natural disaster: Earthquakes, tornados, hurricanes, floods, storms, heat, cold ... all of these are perceived as a threat looming overhead at any time. Your real lifetime odds of dying from a natural force like those listed above? One in 3,357, according to the science and technology Web site LiveScience.com. You're much more likely to be killed by a fire or by committing suicide.
Actual Leading Causes of Death
An unhealthy diet is actually a leading cause of death in the United States.
Biggest fears aside, the Journal of the American Medical Association published a study that uncovered the actual leading causes of death in the United States (in 2000). Overwhelmingly, these causes stem from our own, modifiable behaviors.
Tobacco (435,000 deaths, 18.1 percent of total U.S. deaths)
Poor diet and physical inactivity (400,000 deaths, 16.6 percent)
Alcohol consumption (85,000 deaths, 3.5 percent)
Microbial agents (75,000)
Toxic agents (55,000)
Motor vehicle crashes (43,000)
Incidents involving firearms (29,000)
Sexual behaviors (20,000)
Illicit use of drugs (17,000)
Recommended Reading
Warning: Certain Smells May Make You a Dangerous Driver (Really!)
Why are More Boys than Girls Being Born?
Sources
CBS News: A Murder a Minute
Are You Heading for a Fall?
San Francisco Chronicle: Among Travel Risks, Death by Terrorist Attack is Remote
Websockets are great! They just work. They are supported by all modern browsers. There are libraries that let you easily write servers that support oodles of them. The user doesn't have to do anything to connect with your server. TLS ensures you have strong cryptography, and even that is seamless for the user. So what's not to love?
TCP stream semantics. Guaranteed delivery can be useful. Sometimes guaranteed ordering is nifty as well. But sometimes, you just want to send updates in a fire and forget style, where if you miss one update, you just take the next one. This is where websockets can be a real pain if you are a game developer. Not only will a dropped packet get you huge outliers of latency, all of the following messages behind it will also be delayed due to the ordering guarantee. This can cause a game to look stuttery or feel laggy, especially on channel-crowded wifi networks, as the stream semantics can effectively cause a momentary across the board mini-blackout/delay of all server information.
However, I did say I had a solution. It's not perfect, but it seems to work quite well in Emergence Vector. (I haven't even thought about benchmarking it yet. Perhaps I can make that a future blog post.) For frequent server updates, I simply use N websockets and round-robin them. This effectively spoils the ordering guarantee, which is what causes the across-the-board delay.
The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is expected to make a decision by March 11 whether to approve Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss’s proposal for an ETF (exchange traded fund) based on bitcoin. The Winklevoss twins, who gained widespread media attention in 2004 for suing Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg claiming he stole their original idea (ConnectU) for what would later become the popular social networking site Facebook, are the founders of the cryptocurrency exchange Gemini, which will be used to set the price of their ETF.
The Winklevoss’s ETF was first filed with the SEC in July of 2013, and since then has amended its S-1 (registration statement) filing multiple times to address regulators’ concerns.
Officials from the SEC met with the twins on February 14, 2017, to discuss their ETF proposal, which seeks to be traded as a security on the Bats BZX Exchange Inc. According to a notice released in January 2017, the SEC decision is due by March 11.
What is an ETF?
Generally, an ETF is a marketable security that trades like a stock on an exchange. ETFs typically have a higher daily liquidity and lower fees than mutual fund shares, making them attractive to individual investors. ETF shareholders are entitled to a proportion of the profits (interest or dividends) and may obtain a residual value if the fund is liquidated. The ownership of the fund can be bought, sold or transferred like shares of stock.
At the moment, trading bitcoin requires investors to open bitcoin wallet accounts and purchase bitcoin through online exchanges. With a publicly traded ETF, small investors would be able to call their brokers or simply buy shares online. Putting bitcoin in an ETF structure will make the cryptocurrency more accessible and investable, by allowing parties to participate without having wallets.
Winklevoss Proposal
The Winklevoss Bitcoin Trust seeks to use the Gemini Exchange to set the price for bitcoin, and is the first of three bitcoin ETF proposals to be filed seeking regulatory approval. Joining the list includes Grayscale’s Bitcoin Investment Trust and the SolidX Bitcoin Trust (XBTC).
The Winklevoss twins propose to structure their bitcoin ETF as a “grantor trust.” According to ETF.com:
“One potential issue with a grantor trust structure [for a bitcoin ETF] is that assets within a grantor trust structure have historically had to be physical assets as well as homogenized. Saying bitcoin is physical is a difficult argument to make, regardless of the demand for bitcoin.”
Approval by the SEC for a bitcoin ETF would streamline bitcoin investing for small traders and institutions, while potentially boosting the value of bitcoin and other digital currencies. According to an interview with Spencer Bogart, head of research at venture-capital investor Blockchain Capital, some $300 million could pour into a bitcoin ETF in its first week.
“I’d be very surprised if it did anything but double from whatever levels it is at beforehand,” Bogart said.
Whoever is first to receive SEC approval, be it the Winklevoss twins, Grayscale, or SolidX, could gain a major financial edge. According to Bloomberg, “SPDR Gold Shares ETF, started in 2004, has more than four times higher the market value of iShares Gold Trust ETF, started in 2005.” Thus, being first in the race for an approved bitcoin ETF could provide incredible wealth to the winner, for years to come.
“This is the first-to-market race,” said Chris Burniske, an analyst at Ark Investment Management LLC.
Grayscale Proposal
Grayscale’s Bitcoin Investment Trust (BIT), traded under the ticker Grayscale Bitcoin Trust (GBTC), is an already-existing exchange-traded product, however, it is not an ETF. The trust launched in 2013 as a private fund for accredited investors, and in 2015 received approval from FINRA, the largest independent securities regulator in the US. Grayscale was able to speed up the approval process of the trust through the use of a legal loophole that enabled public fund holders to sell their shares after one year. The SEC issued a cease-and-desist order against the BIT in July 2016 because of a share redemption program conducted in 2014. According to disclosures published by Grayscale in 2015, the program’s repurchases took place at the same time that shares were being created by the trust – in violation of Regulation M.
Pursuant to the JOBS Act, the company created a limited partnership (LP) that owns bitcoin, and after 13 months, listed the LP on the over-the-counter market, which, like the Winklevoss-owned Gemini Exchange, is where all the “pink sheet” or highly volatile assets are listed. Grayscale, a subsidiary of Digital Currency Group, allows for bitcoin trading and charges a 2 percent expense ratio for facilitating investable access to bitcoin.
The GBTC trades like a closed-end-fund usually at a price that is substantially different than the value of the underlying asset, and does not possess the ability to create or redeem shares in the open market. Because of this, bitcoin liquidity can be crimped. Grayscale’s solution is to create an ETF version of their existing model, which will include the creation and redemption mechanism vital to the success of ETFs. According to ETF.com:
“This idea of taking a closed-end product and potentially converting it to an ETF structure could have massive impacts on the ETF industry if the SEC approves.”
The deadline for approval or disapproval from the SEC has not been specified, although sources suggest that a decision could be made on or around August or October of 2017.
SolidX Proposal
SolidX Bitcoin Trust, a proposal by SolidX Management LLC, a subsidiary of blockchain technology company SolidX Partners Inc., is also structured as a grantor trust. An S-1 was first filed with the SEC on July 11, 2016. In a company letter written to the SEC in November 2016, SolidX states:
“The Trust is functionally almost identical to existing physically backed exchange-traded products, which have become an important component of the market. The Sponsor submits that it is in the public interest to permit the development of the Trust, which will enable a new and compelling investment option to investors.”
The SolidX Bitcoin Trust proposal experienced several delays from the SEC pertaining to the decision to list and trade XBTC shares on the NYSE Arca, Inc. (the first all-electronic exchange in the US). The most recent date of approval/disapproval has been set for March 30, 2017.
The XBTC will not be actively managed, and there is no minimum investment - investors may hold as little as a single share or approximately one tenth of a bitcoin. Additionally, SolidX’s proposal appears to include an “in-kind” redemption, a benefit in most ETFs that contribute to liquidity and tight trading spreads.
The biggest difference between XBTC and the Winklevoss ETF is that SolidX has secured insurance coverage for their bitcoin against loss or theft. Another difference is that SolidX will not use the Gemini Exchange as an index for bitcoin price discovery, rather it will use an amalgamation of multiple exchanges to set the price.
What Does ETF Approval Mean?
SEC approval for any of the listed proposals would broaden the accessibility of bitcoin, and as a result, further legitimize the cryptocurrency. Predictions for the Winklevoss ETF proposal can be found on BitMex, which gives the ETF a 45 percent chance for gaining the SEC’s approval.
Furthermore, regulatory approval would solidify blockchain technology’s value to the mainstream, with the possibility of doing the same for other popular digital currencies such as Ether (ETH), currently the second most valuable cryptocurrency.
“Tomorrow my staff is filing the paperwork for my candidacy for US President,” the email, dated Monday, read. “We will have a 48 hour no comment period then on Thursday I fly to New York to formally announce on Fox News.”
But McAfee had not filed a statement of candidacy with the Federal Election Commission as of Tuesday morning, according to agency spokeswoman Julia Queen. It wasn’t clear from the email whether he planned to register with any particular party.
McAfee, who is no longer affiliated with the software that bares his name, has captured attention in recent years, not for his technological expertise, but for his larger-than-life account of fleeing from Central American officials he said were corrupt and trying to extort him. McAfee was wanted for questioning in Belize, where he maintained a compound out in the jungle, in connection with the 2012 killing of his neighbor.
It’s hard to tell whether the stories McAfee tells about his exploits are true, a lot of hogwash or some combination of the two. It’s equally hard to tell from the email whether he actually intends to run for President.
McAfee did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment. A Fox News spokesperson also did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Late Monday, McAffee tweeted and posted to Facebook a message referencing “rumors” about his potential 2016 bid. Both posts were deleted late Tuesday morning, although McAfee continued to retweet users who celebrated the announcement that he was talking the possibility over with advisers.
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Prisoners across the country are gearing up for what they hope will be one of the largest prison strikes in history. According to activists, today prisoners in at least 21 states, including at least 800 inmates in California, will refuse to go to work to protest what they call “modern-day slavery.”
“This is a call to end slavery,” reads the official call for the strike, which coincides with the 45th anniversary of the Attica prison uprising. “They cannot run these facilities without us.” Though there have been prison strikes in the past, including one in Texas in April and one in Alabama in May, this will be one of the first times that inmates have tried to coordinate a strike on a national level.
“Work is good for anyone,” says Melvin Ray, an inmate at the W.E. Donaldson Correctional Facility in Bessemer, Alabama, and a member of an organizing group called the Free Alabama Movement. “The problem is that our work is producing services that we’re being charged for, that we don’t get any compensation from.”
Inmates throughout the country generally hold jobs that help maintain their prisons, such as landscaping, cleaning, and kitchen work. Wages vary from state to state. In at least three states—Texas, Arkansas, and Georgia—prisoners are not paid anything for their labor. In federal prisons, inmates earn about 12 to 40 cents an hour. Nor can prisoners opt out of working, says Paul Wright, an editor at Prison Legal News. “Typically prisoners are required to work, and if they refuse to work, they can be punished by having their sentences lengthened and being placed in solitary confinement,” Wright says.
Phillip Ruiz, an organizer with the Incarcerated Workers Organizing Committee (IWOC), was incarcerated in California for nearly 10 years. He recalls having a job baking bread that earned him just nine cents a month, while a can of soda at the commissary cost around $2 and a packet of ramen cost $1. “You have to save up for six months just to buy some food products,” he says. “It reminds me of a sweatshop on a huge, much larger level.”
Ray, who is serving a sentence for murder, says one of the strike’s goals is to raise awareness among prisoners “that not only do we have a significant role in our incarceration, we have a significant opportunity to bring about our own freedom.” The Free Alabama Movement came up with the idea for the strike. Last fall, it circulated a pamphlet encouraging prisoners in each state to come up with their own demands for improving prison conditions.
“We’re realistic. We know that all our demands aren’t going to be given to us,” Ruiz says of the strike. “The hope is that some concrete things develop as far as changing the conditions.” He hopes the protest will send the message to prison authorities that “You guys aren’t going to get away with what you’re doing to prisoners anymore.”
From an ambiguous term: This is a redirect from an ambiguous page name to a page or list that disambiguates it. These redirects are pointed to by links that should always be disambiguated. Therefore, this template should never appear on a page that has "(disambiguation)" in its title – in that case use {{R to disambiguation page}} instead.
From the plural form: This is a redirect from a plural noun to its singular form. Either {{R from plural}} or {{R to singular}} may be used to tag plural redirects.
This redirect link is used for convenience; it is often preferable to add the plural directly after the link (for example, [[link]]s). However, do not replace these redirected links with a simpler link unless the page is updated for another reason (see WP:NOTBROKEN).
In recent days, supporters of Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.) earned delegate slots in Wyoming, Georgia, South Carolina and Virginia. They’re also packing party meetings in Nebraska and Washington state, where Republicans are beginning to pick delegates before primaries next month.
Trump is expected to easily win the New York primary on Tuesday and most if not all of the 95 delegates at stake, ensuring that the businessman will remain well ahead of Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich.
But the GOP presidential race continues through June on dual tracks — the fight to win delegates in caucuses and primaries and the more complex task of picking people to attend the convention in July, which Cruz has excelled at. Although most delegates are bound to support a primary or caucus winner on a first ballot, many can choose to support someone else if there is a second ballot — which is what Cruz is counting on by installing his supporters.
“There is no magic involved. There’s no trickery, there’s no sleight of hand. It’s just good old-fashioned democracy,” said Saul Gamoran, Cruz’s state chairman in Washington.
Donald Trump claims he's treated unfairly a whole lot. Here are just a few of the times he said he wasn't getting his due. (Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
The Cruz campaign has identified supporters down to local precincts in Washington who will turn out for the state convention next month to support Cruz delegates.
“I have seen no signs of Trump,” Gamoran added.
In Nebraska, the GOP primary is next month, but the process of selecting delegates is underway. J.L. Spray, a Nebraska committeeman for the Republican National Committee, said that he has attended dozens of precinct and county party meetings to prepare and that “Cruz had a presence and Trump had nothing.”
The Trump campaign has failed to return several phone calls offering to give the campaign access to Republican voter data, Spray said.
